I am 32F and served as a surrogate mother to my 36F sister who couldn't bear children as a result of her cancer treatments.
I carried twins for her and her husband using their embryos.
The delivery took place 3 months ago.This is where it got bizarre.
My sister keeps requesting me to breastfeed the twins since "breast is best" and she can't lactate.
I agreed at first since I wanted to assist her, but it is taking over.
She insists I visit her 5-6 TIMES A DAY or express milk enough for all meals.
I work full-time and have my own 4-year-old child to look after.I informed her I would need to reduce to perhaps twice a day and some expressed milk and she burst out crying telling me I was depriving the babies of the opportunity at optimal health.
Her husband sent me a text stating I was selfish as I "already did the hard part" and should still assist them.The situation boiled over yesterday when I walked in and discovered my sister had created a bedroom for me and insisted I just come in to feed the twins whenever they wanted.
I told her no and mentioned that formula was a perfectly adequate way to supplement.
She took offense and said I was abandoning my nephews and breaking our agreement.I left without giving them food.
My mom said my sister and I should be more understanding about her situation but to be honest I feel my body is being used as a dairy farm.
Am I the asshole  if I wouldn't want to be their full-time milk supply?